The Maxforums name and associated logo, icon, graphic design layout,
header graphics, and color scheme, collectively referred to as
Maxforums Design Elements, may represent Intellectual Property owned
by D. Van Laere and may be subject to applicable Copyright law.

Any deliberate use of Maxforums Design Elements in this community
project should be for non-commercial purposes only and with a spirit
of intent that aligns with the continued positive stewardship of the
Maxforums community and legacy. Should any potentially unlicensed
Intellectual Property be used, it can be removed upon request by its
respective owner.

Any aspects of this project that are not attributable to D. Van Laere
and/or others are subject to the terms of the Unlicense license as
stated below.

---

This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain.

Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or
distribute this software, either in source code form or as a compiled
binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any
means.

In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors
of this software dedicate any and all copyright interest in the
software to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit
of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and
successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of
relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this
software under copyright law.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

For more information, please refer to <https://unlicense.org>
